1.Diffrence between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2:
HTTP/1.1: Has been for more then a dacade.
With Googles SPDY leading the way in 2015,the IETF (Internet Engineer Task Fors)
gave us HTTP/2, 
Which introduce several features to reduse page load times.

 Lets compare HTTP2 VS HTTP1.1 in detail.
HTTP2: Is much faster and more reliable then HTTP1.
HTTP1 loads a single request for every TCP collection.
  Which HTTP2 avoids network delay by using multiplexing .
HTTP is a network delay sensitive protocol,in the sence 
that is less network delay , then the page load faster.

    HTTP/1.1 vs HTTP/2
 
  It the use work on the tetual format .
  it work on the binary protocol.
  it used request resource lnlinking for use getting .
  it used PUSH frame by server that collect all multiple page .
     multiple page collection all multiple page
  it comparesses data by itself.
  it used HPACK for data comparessing.





  2.Object amd its internal representation in javascript :

     Object , in javascript , is its most important data-typr 
 (Number , String , Boolean , Null , Undefined and Symbol)
 in the sence the while these primitive data-type all 
 store a single value each (depending on their typr).
       
    Loosely speaking , opject in javascript may be difined as andunorderd collection 
 defind as an unorded collection of related data , of primitive or reference type , 
 in the form of "Key:value" pairs. these keys can be variables or fuctions and are 
 called properties and methods , respectively , in the context of object . 
      For Eg. if your object is a student , it will have  properties like name , age, 
  adress , id ,etc and methods like update adress, updatenam , etc.
  
  
  Object and properties
      A javascript object has properties associated With it. A property of object can be explained as a variables,
that is attached to the object .object properties are basically the same as ordinary 
javascript variables of an object defind the characteristics  of the object.
    you access the properties of an object with a simple doy-notation : objectname :propertyname .


    like all javascript variables, both the object name 
 ( Which could be normal variables) and propertyname 
 name are case sensitive . for example , lets create an object .
   named my car and give it properties names make model, and year as follows:


     var mycar = new object();
     mycar.make ="bucati";
     mycar.model="cheraq";
     mycar.model=2022;
      

  Creating object in javascript:
  create javascript object with object literal:
   one of easiest wat to create a javascript object is 
   object literal, simply defind the propertyand value
   inside curly braces as shown below 
   
   let bike = {name:'supersport',maker:"ducati engine:1200cc'};